we start in southern Gaza where
Palestinian Emergency Services have
uncovered a mass grave in Khan Yunis at
least 180 bodies have so far been found
buried inside the city's NASA medical
complex the Palestinian civil defense
says it's searching for more bodies the
Israeli military withdrew from Khan
Unice on April the 7th March of the city
is now in Ruins after months of
Relentless Israeli bombing and heavy
fighting let's get more on this now with
hanni Mahmud he joins us from khanu
Unice itself and I understand hany
you're at the site there take us through
what must be a very Grim scene there
first yes Sammy very horrific scene
right now and the isra military with drw
from Naser Hospital on April 7th leaving
trails of Destruction to all signs of
life inside the complex itself severely
damaging all the facilities but what's
more shocking right now the discovery of
this massive grave the largest one so
far uh in the city of Han Yunis right
here at the courtyard the southern part
of the courtyard of the hospital where
for the past 3 days civil defense crew
members and paramedics have retrieved
180 bodies of people who were buried in
this massive Grave by the Israeli
military these are the people the bodies
are removed including elderly women the
children young men were all buried here
what's shocking as we talked with civil
defensive crew member is PE bodies that
were inside a plastic bags plas packs
that are have Hebrew writing on them but
the bodies inside they have their hands
tied up behind their back what looks
like that they were executed and buried
in this massive grave here at Naser
hospital just within the past half an
hour we seen a group of people coming
here crying parents and remaining family
members searching for the bodies of
their relatives and children and loved
ones at this massive grave the vast
majority of the bodies are completely
deceased to the point they're not
recognized only few people were able to
recognize some of the bodies here
because of the of a body Mark or because
of the clothes that they are wearing
they were able to identify them the vast
majority of the 800 180 bodies are
largely
deceased and
are understandably as we heard it from
param will be taken to another massive
grave until somehow they will come up
with a way to identify
them hany you've mentioned they were
elderly they had their hands tied up but
what do we know about the these people
who were
they well so far the unfolding events
here at at ner Courtyard Hospital in
this massive grave happen to be very
consistent with the testimonies we heard
from medical staff at ner hospital when
the when the hospital was stormed by the
Israeli military the nurses the medical
staff this place families and evacu who
managed to leave the hospital who
describe horror seene inside the
hospital where people were EX uted also
were Graves that at the courtyard of the
hospital were dugged up by the Israel
military as it was searching for bodies
of Hostage inside the hospital there
also bodies of patients and injuries as
there are medical bandages and catheter
is still attached to the bodies are
being removed from uh from this massive
grave uh it's just happen to be very
devastating right now as these people
who have gone missing within the past 20
days and since the withdrawal of these
really military people have been sending
appeals trying to get hold of
organization to help them identify the
whereabout of their loved ones family
members and children and right now they
are here searching for the remains of
these missing
bodies hany you mentioned there that
some consistency with what medical staff
have been saying does that mean there
are eyewitnesses are people coming
forward and able to say and talk about
what they actually saw happened to these
people yes when we talk to someone who
from the vicinity of ner Hospital who
described the scenes from the balcony of
the building he was Sheltering in where
he he was able to see his really
occupation forces on the ground digging
up
Graves at the courtyard of Naser
hospital and inspecting them and then
pile all of them together and put them
them in this massive grave they're also
the testimonies from medical staff who
describe that people particularly young
people and injuries inside the ICU and
operation rooms were dragged from the
hospital when it was a storm and were
taken outside and up till now they their
whereabout is uncertain is unknown
largely It is believed as they were as
they heard during the were they were
dragged from the hospital heavy gunfire
and Loud gunshot that they were executed
and buried in this massive grave as I
said there are bodies who were retrieved
from the massive grave with their hands
tied to their back with
Ziploc all right thanks so much Han
Mahmud there in a very difficult
situation make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer